hip external rotation is extremely
useful for some people they simply want
the ability to cross their legs some
people want to get that perfect
butterfly stretch or tailor sit whatever
you want to call it and the fiends of
society aka me just want to comfortably
put you know a foot behind the head
anyway here's how you build the actual
skills the easiest way is to put your
ankle across here and push open on the
knee but I know some people feel pain in
their knee when they do that so I'll go
even easier if you grab a chair put your
knee onto the side of it like this and
then all you do sink closer toward your
leg and the medium difficulty is as
simple as this you just bring your leg
up toward your chest and hold it here
and if you want gravity to help you you
can use a pigeon stretch and lean
forward but if that's too difficult you
can actually bend the back leg like this
and then just let gravity do its thing
pick whichever stretch feels best for
you and you're going to hold it for 30
seconds and then you're going to rest
for about 20 seconds or so before
hopping right back to it and doing it
again stay flexy